Okay,
guys,
As I mentioned in the last leg to this,
this function for this project is pretty much redundant.
But at some point,
you probably going to come across this,
and it's important that you know how to deal with it.
Now.
We already looked at having hyperlinks over here,
and these work perfectly well.
But there's also a high pulling function.
And you gonna find that in the formulas tab under look up and reference Onda hyperlink.
And you get this really useful little box that pops up that says,
Tell me your link location.
So we're going to point to be l takers were on the BLT line,
and we're going to select cell a one.
So so far,
so good.
And our friendly name is what will appear rather than saying BLT exclamation point a one.
So we're going to say is go there on his enter.
So there you go.
Now you can see that we've got a hyperlink formula.
It say's go there.
That's the friendly text.
But when we click it this'll happens.
Can I open the specified file Now you would think is that's a built in function that that
should work perfectly every single time.
Unfortunately,
it doesn't know what you're gonna need to do is modify the formula this way.
Okay,
Now I'm going to zoom in on this so you can see what you have to do.
What you need to do is click after the first bracket,
open your quotes and hit a hashtag on,
then an apostrophe.
So you got open quotes hashtag apostrophe,
and you gonna come to the end of the word.
So if he had chili con carne,
you would come After that,
you would hit an apostrophe.
You will leave your exclamation point in there.
You'll move over and you will close your quotes after the A one on.
Then you'll hit.
Enter.
Okay.
And now when we click that we get,
go there on,
we actually do go there.
So I'm just gonna do that one more time so you can see it.
So what we're gonna do formulas look up in reference hyperlink on.
We'll go through the same process.
Link location is going to be chilli con carney on.
It's going to be this cell,
and our friendly name again is going to say go there and enter.
And then a game.
When we click that link,
we get an error.
So again,
we're gonna modify.
We're going to come in here.
We're gonna hit quotes.
We're gonna hit hashtag.
We already have the apostrophe.
This time we already have the apostrophe.
We already have the apostrophe After the name Chilli con Carney exclamation point a one
close quotes again and then hit.
Enter on this time when you click,
Go!
There you!
Finally,
they actually does go there now.
There is absolutely no way that you can work that out.
I don't think it's actually covered anywhere in excels help files.
It's just one of those things.
You really know how to fix it or you don't know.
You do.
OK,
I'll see you in your next lecture where you're gonna have a challenge.
I'll see you there